TINY-7192: Update the context toolbar to move out the way when the selection overlaps (#6965)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/katamari/CHANGELOG.md

### Improved
- The `Optional` type is now covariant with respect to its type argument.
  - In particular, this means that if all `Cat`s are `Animal`s, then all `Optional<Cat>`s are now `Optional<Animal>`s.

> - All singletons now have a `get` function that'll return an `Optional` value.

Reviewer: Too colloquial? I'm not really fussed either way

```suggestion
- All singletons now have a `get` function that returns an `Optional` value.
```
